interop examples (#3582)
JetBrains/compose-multiplatform: examples/interop/uikit-in-compose/README.md

# UIKit in Compose

> Example show how to use UIKitView in Compose application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use an UIKitView in a Compose application.
```
